v6.0 Beta to GA Updates - Config Settings (#4983)
mattermost/docs: source/comply/custom-terms-of-service.rst

There will be no impact to your end users. Users will simply be required to accept the new terms on next login or page refresh.

> What happens if a user does not accept the terms of service?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What happens if a user doesn't accept the Terms of Service?
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> A user will not be able to log in if they do not accept the terms of service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users won't be able to log in if they don't accept the Terms of Service.
```

> How do I know if my users accepted the terms of service?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How do I know if my users accepted the Terms of Service?
```

> Terms of service is presented to users on login and account creation, and available to users at all times in the link available by going to **System Console > Site Configuration > Customization**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terms of Service is presented to users on login and account creation. It's available to users at all times in the link available by going to **System Console > Site Configuration > Customization**.
```

Reviewer: This isn't very clear - is the link available to users using that path, or is that the link that they'll see that's stored in that location?

> This feature is intended to meet compliance requirements for large Enterprise companies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is intended to meet compliance requirements for large Enterprise organizations.
```
